feat: Add a Contributors guide (#229)
open-sauced/docs: docs/contributors/contributors-guide.md

---
id: contributors-guide-to-open-sauced
title: 'Contributors Guide to OpenSauced'
sidebar_label: Contributors Guide to OpenSauced
keywords:
  - contributors
  - guides
---

## Introduction to OpenSauced for Contributors

> OpenSauced is a platform dedicated to empowering you, the contributor, as you grow in your open source journey. We offer a GitHub-powered dashboard for tracking your contributions and gaining insights into your favorite open source projects. You can also customize your Insights and Lists Pages, connect with other contributors, and use our Highlights feature to display your contributions to the world.

Reviewer: I think it's worth mentioning exploring repositories to find your next contribution as well. We should probably add in a section for how to use the Explore tab

Author: Good point @BekahHW, but wouldn't this be best as an explainer page? I mean, we don't want to be too detailed when mentioning the features here

Reviewer: We want this to be a full guide for contributors. So you don't have to give an in-depth exploration of the feature, but it should be a part of the contributor journey bc that feature benefits contributors.

Idk if you watched the video I posted, but think about someone new coming to OpenSauced. This is like their welcome guide. Here are the tools, and here's how you can use them as a contributor. You can link to explainer pages, but explainer pages don't teach them how they should use it for their specific use case. So think about how you can dive deeper into the content.

## Getting Started

To get started, you will need to create an account on OpenSauced. You can do this by visiting the [app.opensauced.pizza](https://app.opensauced.pizza) and clicking the "Connect with GitHub" button. You will be prompted to sign in with your GitHub account. Once you have signed in, you will be redirected to the OpenSauced dashboard.

> ## Highlights: Connecting and Recognizing Contributions

Reviewer: Actually, the second section should be about completing your profile.  I just recorded a 5 minute video that might make this all clearer. Let me know if you can't view it. I think I got the permissions right. 

https://www.loom.com/share/a2f4d2a1a8ff4c8c96c47c4fb50a0435?sid=a4e5cb87-00d8-4044-9956-c48408c192d3

Author: Hi @BekahHW, I managed to view the video. So, should I write the steps there or put the link to the video?

Reviewer 2: @CBID2 accessibility-wise, I think having written instructions is equeally important as we want to make our docs as accessible as possible for everyone. We need to think about people who are blind or have slow internet connections.

Reviewer: Totally agree with @adiati98. Also, it's much easier to update text than it is video. We're going to be making some naming changes at OpenSauced in the near future, so any video that has the old naming would need to be re-recorded.

2. **Highlight your solution and its impact**: Explain the changes you made and how they solve the problem and effect the project. For instance, adding an AI summarizer to the project's Chrome Extension makes it easier for people to quickly summarize their content. This can help show recruiters that you bring results.
3. **Reflect on your experience**: Mention what you learned from working on the PR. For example, how to import images on with React.

#### Highlighting Dev.to Blog Posts

1. **Describe the topic**: Begin with an interesting summary of your blog post, helping your peers and recruiters understand what you've written.
2. **Discuss the inspiration**: Explain why this blog post is created. Is it to guide others on how to improve their coding skills, raise awareness about an issue in the tech community, or display your progress in learning a new programming language?
3. **End with a call-to-action**: Encourage readers to read and engage with the post, whether by commenting or sharing it with others on social media.

> If you want more tips on creating effective highlights, check our blog post, ["Choose Your Own Adventure in Open Source: Paths to Success"](https://dev.to/opensauced/choose-your-own-adventure-in-open-source-paths-to-success-167p).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more tips on creating effective highlights, check our blog post, "[Choose Your Own Adventure in Open Source: Paths to Success](https://dev.to/opensauced/choose-your-own-adventure-in-open-source-paths-to-success-167p)".
```

- **Identifying Potential Projects to Contribute To**: Finding open source projects to contribute to can be difficult. The Insights feature can help you identify projects to contribute to.
- **Networking and Community Engagement**: Finding people to work and connect with can be very challenging. Through the feature's Contributors tab, you'll be able to quickly grow your network.
- **Curating Collections for Interest Groups**: You can curate and share repositories that focus on sectors and programming languages you. For example, @CBID2 created [a page of projects led and founded by women](https://app.opensauced.pizza/pages/CBID2/288/dashboard?range=30).

### Creating a New Insight Page

To connect your repositories, click the "Insights" tab on the dashboard. You will be redirected to a page where you can create your new Insight Page.

There are two ways to add repositories to your Insight Page:

1. **Sync GitHub organization**: Syncing your favorite GitHub organizations is a good idea if you want to keep track of their open source project activities and trends.

> 2. **Connect individual repositories**:  Connecting individual repositories is a good idea if you who wants to keep track the contributions of a specific repository or group of repositories. For example, you might want to track of projects you have contributed to or would like to contribute to in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Connect individual repositories**: Connecting individual repositories is a good idea if you want to keep track of the contributions of a specific repository or group of repositories. For example, you might want to track projects you have contributed to or would like to contribute to in the future.
```

![sync insights gif](../../static/gif/insight-page-demo.gif)

### Using Your Insights Page

Once you have connected your repositories, you will be redirected to your Insight Page. Here, you will see a dashboard with an overview of the repositories and the contributors who have contributed to them.

There are three tabs that provide you with more information on these repositories:

#### Reports

> The Reports tab allows paid users to filter for more information about their repositories over the last 30 days and to generate a Downloadable CSV. Filters include: Top 100 Repos, Minimum 5 Contributors, Recent, Most Active, and Spammed. This can be helpful if you're a beginner contributor who is looking for mentors or someone who is looking for potential maintainers for your project.

Reviewer 2: - > ... to filter for more information about **their repositories** ...

  This is coming from Maintainers perspective.

- > This can be helpful if you're a beginner contributor who is looking for mentors or someone who is looking for potential maintainers for your project.

  I'm not sure if contributors are looking for potential maintainers.

- You would get better understanding if you try to download the CSV file so you can explain this based on your own experience why it's helpful for contributors.

Author: > * > ... to filter for more information about **their repositories** ...
>   
>   
>   This is coming from Maintainers perspective.
> * > This can be helpful if you're a beginner contributor who is looking for mentors or someone who is looking for potential maintainers for your project.
>   
>   
>   I'm not sure if contributors are looking for potential maintainers.
> * You would get better understanding if you try to download the CSV file so you can explain this based on your own experience why it's helpful for contributors.

Good idea @adiati98! :)

Author: Hi @adiati98, it seems that the Reports option is limited to Pro users, so I can't download the CSV file.

Reviewer 2: @CBID2 CSV file is not sharable on GH. So, I provide the screen recording instead.

**Download Report**

![opensauced report1](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/assets/45172775/0dafa50c-1709-4e0c-92a6-4870ec23fe2e)

**CSV preview**

![csv report](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/assets/45172775/f576c359-a6d0-4e8d-845d-02ad69308080)

Author: Thanks @adiati98. So, I can say something along the lines of “paid users can use the CSV file to track their progress”?

Reviewer 2: @CBID2 the reason I suggested you to try out the "Report" feature and download the CSV is for you to understand it better so you can tell the benefits of this feature for contributors.

I really like what you said:

> I came up with this idea based on my own experience of being a maintainer and contributor for at LinksHub. It's an interesting place to be in.

As a contributor, I'm really interested to know more about why this feature is an interesting place to be in. 😊

Author: @adiati98, when balancing between the maintainer and contributor, sometimes the viewpoints blur. You have to consciously remind yourself what it is like to be new to open source. Lol, that's the best way I can explain it. :)

Reviewer 2: @CBID2 thanks for the changes!

Sorry that I can only make a GIF of screen recording and it can't be paused.

But if you watch it several times, what do you think of it? What can you track there as a contributor?

Author: Hi @adiati98. Sorry for the late response. If I had access to this feature as a contributor, I’d use the CSV file in these two ways:

- Networking: Finding people to collaborate with for future contributions 
- Learning New Skills: I’d also copy the link to a specific pull request to see how that person filled out the project’s form and ultimately, their commits so I can see how they went about solving an issue and apply it into my own approach to contributing to open source projects.

![repositories tab](../../static/img/repos-insights.png)

#### Contributors

The Contributors tab allows you to view more detailed information about other contributors, including Activity, Repositories, the date of their last contribution, Time Zone, and the number of contributions. This can be a great way to find other people to collaborate with or recommend for jobs.

Want to learn more about your peers?  You can select them and add them to a list.

![contributors insight list](../../static/img/contributors-insights.png)

There are two ways to add contributors to a list:

1. Create a new list with selected contributors.
2. Add selected contributors to an existing list.

## Lists: Connecting with Contributors

[Lists](../features/lists.md) feature helps you connect with other contributors or learn more about what others are up to in open source. With this feature, you can categorize, watch, and check out different groups of contributors within open source projects.

### What You Can Do With Lists?

> There are many things you can do with this feature, but here's some ideas to get you started:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are many things you can do with this feature, but here are some ideas to get you started:
```

- Learn about what other contributors are doing in open source.
- Learn about new projects.

> - Make connections with other contributors who share your interests and come from other backgrounds.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean here come from different or same backgrounds?

```suggestion
- Connect with other contributors who share your interests and come from other backgrounds.
```

Author: Hi @adiati98. I'm trying to say that this feature can help contributors connect with people who share similar interests mostly.

### Creating a New List

1. Click the "Lists" tab on the Insights hub to create a new list. You will be redirected to a page where you can create your new list.
2. Click on the "New List" button to start a new list.
3. Give your list a name.
4. Choose your page visibility. You can choose to make your list public or private. By default, it is set to private.
5. Add contributors to your list by searching for their GitHub username, syncing your GitHub Team, or importing your GitHub Following.

![contribution sync gif](../../static/gif/contributors-sync-list.gif)

## Using Your List

Once you have created your list, you will be redirected to your List Page. Here, you will see a dashboard with an overview of the contributors.

There are three tabs that provide you with more information on these repositories:

### Overview

> The Overview tab gives you a high-level view of the contributors in your list, including the total number of commits in the last 30 days and the types of contributors on your list: Active, New, and Alumni. This can help be helpful for finding people to collaborate or individuals to learn from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Overview tab gives you a high-level view of the contributors in your list, including the total number of commits in the last 30 days and the types of contributors on your list: Active, New, and Alumni. This can be helpful for finding people to collaborate with or individuals to learn from.
```

### Activity

The Activity tab gives you a graph view with more detailed information on each contributor, including the type of activity, repositories they've contributed to, and how they compare to each other.

You can filter your list by All Contributors, Active Contributors, New Contributors, and Alumni Contributors. This could be useful if you're new to the open source community and looking for potential mentors or an experienced contributor who is looking for people to collaborate with.

![list graph](../../static/img/list-graph.png)

### Contributors

> The Contributors tab gives you the list of people that have contributed to other open source projects. It also includes information like activity level, last repository contributed to, the date of their last contribution, time zone, programming languages used, and number of contributions. This can be helpful if you're looking for other people to collaborate with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Contributors tab gives you the list of people that have contributed to other open source projects. It also includes information like activity level, last repository contributed to, the date of their last contribution, time zone, programming languages used, and the number of contributions.This can be helpful if you're looking for others to collaborate with.
```

---
id: contributors-guide-to-open-sauced
title: 'Contributors Guide to OpenSauced'
sidebar_label: Contributors Guide to OpenSauced
keywords:
  - contributors
  - guides
---

## Introduction to OpenSauced for Contributors

> OpenSauced is a platform dedicated to empowering you, the contributor, as you grow in your open source journey. We offer a GitHub-powered dashboard for tracking your contributions and gaining insights into your favorite open source projects. You can also customize your Insights Pages and Lists with the repositories you choose and the contributors you want to see.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenSauced is a platform dedicated to empowering you, the contributor, as you grow in your open source journey. We offer a GitHub-powered dashboard for tracking your contributions and gaining insights into your favorite open source projects. You can also customize your Insights and Lists Pages with the repositories you choose and the contributors you want to see.
```

#### Highlighting PRs

1. **Summarize the changes**: Start with a clear summary of what the PR achieves. This could be a new feature, bug fix, or enhancement.
2. **Credit the contributors**: Acknowledge everyone who contributed to the PR, including reviewers.
3. **Highlight the value**: Explain the value of these changes to the project or its users. For instance, how it improves performance, adds a requested feature, or simplifies the codebase.

#### Highlighting Dev.to Blog Posts

1. **Capture the essence**: Begin with an interesting blog post summary, capturing the main theme or message.
2. **Discuss the relevance**: Explain why this blog post is important for your open source project or community. Is it about a major update, a community event, or sharing best practices?
3. **Engage with a call-to-action**: Encourage readers to engage with the post, whether by reading, commenting, or sharing their thoughts on the topic.

## Insights: Connecting Your Repositories

OpenSauced Insights you to see the impact of your contributions. You can use insights pages to track repositories' growth, analyze work, and connect with others.

## Why Create an Insights Page

> - Personal Contribution Tracking

Reviewer: Let's make sure this list all starts with the same part of speech. So this would be:

- Tracking personal contributions
- Building Portfolios and Developing Skills

> - Personal Contribution Tracking
> - Skill Development and Portfolio Building: Contributing to open source projects can be a great way to develop new skills. Your contributions can also be used as samples for your portfolio. Looking for ways to implement your open source experience in your job search journey? Check out our [job search guide](https://docs.opensauced.pizza/job-seekers-guide/job-seekers-guide-introduction/)! 😄
> - Identifying Potential Projects to Contribute To: Finding open source projects to contribute to can be difficult and this feature provides you access to a whole plethora of projects for you to chose from.
> Networking and Community Engagement - explanation
> - Curating Collections for Interest Groups (e.g., top open source React projects)

Reviewer 2: I think you might want to revisit this list. The "Networking and community engagement" has no explanation yet. And let's bold them.

@BekahHW I reviewed some here and need your thoughts if this is on the right track. Thanks!

```suggestion
- **Tracking personal contribution**: Add repositories that you contributed to and track your contributions.
- **Skill development and portfolio building**: Contributing to open source projects can be a great way to develop new skills. Your contributions can also be used as samples for your portfolio. Looking for ways to implement your open source experience in your job search journey? Check out our [job search guide](../job-seekers-guide/introduction.md)!
- **Identifying potential projects to contribute to**: Finding open source projects can be difficult. The Insights feature can help you identify projects you would likely contribute to.
- **Networking and community engagement** - explanation
- **Curating collections for interest groups**: Curate repositories that interest you, e.g., top open source React projects.
```

Reviewer: Definitely on the right track. This information could be useful both here and other places in the guide: https://dev.to/opensauced/choose-your-own-adventure-in-open-source-paths-to-success-167p

#### Repositories

The Repositories tab allows you to view more detailed information on each repository, including Activity, PR Overview, PR Velocity, Spam, Contributors, and activity over the last 30 days. To learn more about these features, see [Understanding Insights Data](https://docs.opensauced.pizza/maintainers/understanding-lists/#understanding-lists-contributor-data).

![repositories tab](../../static/img/repos-insights.png)

#### Contributors

The Contributors tab allows you to view more detailed information about other contributors, including Activity, Repositories, the date of their last contribution, Time Zone, and the number of contributions. This can be a great way to find other people to collaborate with.

To learn more about your contributors, you can select them and add them to a list.

![contributors insight list](../../static/img/contributors-insights.png)

There are two ways to add contributors to a list:

1. Create a new list with selected contributors.
2. Add selected contributors to an existing list.

## Lists: Connecting with Contributors

> This feature helps you connect with other contributors or learn more about what others are up to in open source. With Lists, you can categorize, watch, and check out different groups of contributors within open source projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Lists](../features/lists.md) feature helps you connect with other contributors or learn more about what others are up to in open source. With this feature, you can categorize, watch, and check out different groups of contributors within open source projects.
```

### What You Can Do With Lists?

There are many things you can do with this feature, but here's some ideas to get you started:

> - Learn about what other contributors are doing in open source
> - Learn about new projects
> - Make connections with other contributors who share your interests and come from other backgrounds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Learn about what other contributors are doing in open source.
- Learn about new projects.
- Make connections with other contributors who share your interests and come from other backgrounds.
```

There are two ways to create a highlight:

1. Paste the URL to your PR, Issue, or Dev.to blog post (shown in blue below).
2. Choose from a list of suggestions (shown in orange below).

![highlight suggestions](../../static/img/highlights.png)

If you're adding a blog post, you'll need to associate it to a repository by clicking the "Add a repo" button.

Finally, it's time to add the details of your highlight. You can add a description yourself or use the auto-summarize function to generate a description.

![gif of creating a highlight](../../static/gif/highlight.gif)

### Writing an Effective Highlight

Writing an effective highlight is key to showcasing your contributions and skills, and attracting potential collaborators and recruiters. Here are some tips to help you write an effective highlight:

#### Highlighting Issues

1. **Summarize the problem**: Begin by briefly describing the problem the project is currently facing. This helps other contributors or recruiters gain a better understanding of the situation.
2. **Describe the impact:** Briefly state how the problem negatively impacts the project. This would exemplify the issue's significance. 

> 3. **Describe a possible solution**: Mention the solution that you are considering to use to solve the issue. This would help display your problem solving skills to recruiters.

Author: Hey @BekahHW! :) Here's what I came up with. I heavily based it on my experience with the product. What do you think?

- **Networking and Community Engagement**: Through the feature's Contributors tab, you can find other people to connect and collaborate with.
- **Curating Collections for Interest Groups**: You can curate repositories that interest you, for example, top Artificial Intelligence projects.

### Creating a New Insight Page

To connect your repositories, click the "Insights" tab on the dashboard. You will be redirected to a page where you can create your new Insight Page.

There are two ways to add repositories to your Insight Page:

1. **Sync GitHub organization**: Syncing your favorite GitHub organizations is a good idea if you want to keep track of their open source project activities and trends.
2. **Connect individual repositories**:  Connecting individual repositories is a good idea if you who wants to keep track the contributions of a specific repository or group of repositories. For example, you might want to track of projects you have contributed to or would like to contribute to in the future.

![sync insights gif](../../static/gif/insight-page-demo.gif)

> ### Using Your Insights Page

Reviewer: The guides differ from the docs bc they need to go deeper for the audience. So, for example, in this section, each of these should help contributors specifically utilize this information. I suggest asking yourself "Why would this be useful for a contributor?" and then adding the response to each of these sections. 

Another way to look at it is like this: What information could I share with contributors about these features that isn't already in the general documentation?

For example, The repositories tab helps contributors gauge the project's liveliness and community engagement. Active projects are likely to have quicker responses to PRs, issues, and discussions, making them more attractive for ongoing contributions. If a contributor is looking for an active project to contribute to, this is a good way to determine that information. Being able to see who else contributes there is a good way to make a connection to the project or to find support.

---
id: contributors-guide-to-open-sauced
title: 'Contributors Guide to OpenSauced'
sidebar_label: Contributors Guide to OpenSauced
keywords:
  - contributors
  - guides
---

## Introduction to OpenSauced for Contributors

OpenSauced is a platform dedicated to empowering you, the contributor, as you grow in your open source journey. We offer a GitHub-powered dashboard for tracking your contributions and gaining insights into your favorite open source projects. You can also customize your Insights Pages and Lists with the repositories you choose and the contributors you want to see.

## Getting Started

To get started, you will need to create an account on OpenSauced. You can do this by visiting the [app.opensauced.pizza](https://app.opensauced.pizza) and clicking the "Connect with GitHub" button. You will be prompted to sign in with your GitHub account. Once you have signed in, you will be redirected to the OpenSauced dashboard.

> ## Insights: Connecting Your Repositories

Reviewer: Let's talk very specifically to the contributor here. The docs for each of the features is meant to be a general overview. These guides allow us to get more specific. So, for instance, we might say something like this:

OpenSauced Insights allows you to see the impact of your contributions. You can use insights pages to track repositories' growth, analyze work, and connect with others.

## Why Create an Insight Page?
- Personal Contribution Tracking
- Skill Development and Portfolio Building - explanation and link to job seekers guide
- Identifying Potential Projects to Contribute To - explanation
- Networking and Community Engagement - explanation
- Curating Collections for Interest Groups (e.g., top open source React projects)

Insights features allow you to:

- track the contributions of a specific team, a specific repository, or a group of repositories,
- view the number of pull requests that are open, closed, in draft, and merged,
- view the average number of days it takes for a pull request to be merged (PR velocity),
- identify the top contributors to your project,
- identify the current activity level and trends in activity of your contributors.

### Creating a New Insight Page
<!-- work on this tomorrow -->
To connect your repositories, click the "Insights" tab on the dashboard. You will be redirected to a page where you can create your new Insight Page.

There are two ways to add repositories to your Insight Page:

1. **Sync GitHub organization**. Syncing your GitHub organization is a good idea for someone who seeks a comprehensive, unified view of your organization's open source project activities and trends, enabling streamlined management, strategic decision-making, and efficient allocation of resources across multiple repositories.

> 2. **Connect individual repositories**. Connecting individual repositories is a good idea for someone who wants to track the contributions of a specific repository or group of repositories. For example, you might want to track projects you maintain that are not under the same organization, or you may want to track projects that align with your team's objectives.

Reviewer: We want to remove any mention of "projects you maintain" bc this guide is for contributors. So for instance, we have this currently:

> **Connect individual repositories**. Connecting individual repositories is a good idea for someone who wants to track the contributions of a specific repository or group of repositories. For example, you might want to track projects you maintain that are not under the same organization, or you may want to track projects that align with your team's objectives.

Let's update to this:

> **Connect individual repositories**. Connecting individual repositories is a good idea for someone who wants to track the contributions of a specific repository or group of repositories. For example, you might want to track projects you have contributed to or would like to contribute to in the future.

![sync team gif](../../static/gif/team-sync-insights.gif)

### Using Your Insights Page

Once you have connected your repositories, you will be redirected to your Insight Page. Here, you will see a dashboard with an overview of the repositories and the contributors who have contributed to them.

There are three tabs that provide you with more information on these repositories:

#### Reports

The Reports tab allows paid users to filter for more information about their repositories over the last 30 days and to generate a Downloadable CSV. Filters include: Top 100 Repos, Minimum 5 Contributors, Recent, Most Active, and Spammed.

#### Repositories

> The Repositories tab allows you to view more detailed information on each repository, including Activity, PR Overview, PR Velocity, Spam, Contributors, and activity over the last 30 days. To learn more about these features, see [Understanding Insights Data](understanding-insights.md).

Reviewer: The links for understanding insights and lists isn't right. We can link to what's in the maintainers guide for now, but we should write an issue for creating specific pages for contributors to make it tailored to their needs.

### Your Profile

Your profile is a great resource for showcasing your contributions and sharing your open source work with others.

![your profile](../../static/img/profile.png)

On your profile, you will see the "Highlights" section, which you can learn more about [in this section](#highlights-connecting-and-recognizing-contributions), and three other tabs:

- **Contributions**: This tab includes a graph showing the number of pull requests (PRs) you have opened, [the velocity of your PRs](../welcome/glossary.md#pr-velocity), and the number of repositories that you have contributed to. Underneath the graph, there is a "Latest PRs" chart, which shows a list of current and recent PRs. This tab is helpful if you want to showcase a steady and consistent open source contribution experience.
- **Connections**: For pro accounts, you can reach out to other contributors and maintainers to collaborate on projects or to learn from them.
- **Recommendations**: This tab includes a list of open source projects that are chosen based on the programming languages you picked in the "Interests" section of your public profile. It is useful if you're looking for new projects to contribute to.

> ## Explore: Finding Your Next Open Source Project

Reviewer 2: This title previously was "Explore Tab: Finding Your Next Open Source Project".
I removed the word "tab" for consistency with other tabs.

### Creating a New Insight Page

To track the repositories, click the "Insights" tab on the top left bar. You will be redirected to a page where you can create your new Insight Page.

There are two ways to add repositories to your Insight Page:

1. **Sync GitHub organization**: Syncing your GitHub organizations is a good idea if you want to keep track of their open source project activities and trends.
2. **Connect individual repositories**: Connecting individual repositories is a good idea if you want to keep track of the contributions of a specific repository or group of repositories.

![sync insights gif](../../static/gif/insight-page-demo.gif)

### Using Your Insights Page

Once you have connected your repositories, you will be redirected to your Insight Page. Here, you will see a dashboard with an overview of the repositories and the contributors who have contributed to them.

There are four tabs that provide you with more information on these repositories:

- **Reports**: The "Reports" tab allows paid users to filter for more information about the repositories over the last 30 days and to generate a downloadable CSV.

> - **Repositories**: This tab contains information such as Activity, PR Overview, PR Velocity, Spam, Contributors, and activity stats over the last 30 days.

Reviewer 2: Here, I changed the "activity over the last 30 days" to be "activity **stats** over the last 30 days" to show the difference.

---

This is just a thought.

We might want to consider rewording this, as there is an Activity and "activity over the last 30 days". Also, to use lowercase or use capital inside quotes to show that these are sections or part of a table.

The reason is to give enough information for readers without looking at the image.

```suggestion
- **Repositories**: This tab contains a table with information such as "Activity", "PR Overview", "PR Velocity", "Spam", "Contributors", and activity stats over the last 30 days.
```

**OR**

```suggestion
- **Repositories**: This tab contains information such as activity levels, PR overview, PR velocity, spam PRs, contributors, and activity stats over the last 30 days.
```

## Conclusion

> OpenSauced is a platform dedicated to empowering you, the contributor, in your open source journey. With OpenSauced, you can find repositories to contribute to, track your contributions, gain insights into your favorite open source projects, and find new contributors to connect with.

Reviewer 2: @BekahHW I removed this paragraph as it's duplicate with the intro paragraph. Feel free to move it back in if that's what you've intended. 🙂
